---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: Research Scientist; algorithms, statistical signal processing, machine learning, neuroscience, medical devices
---

My name is Patrick Kasi, and I call myself an end-to-end Research Scientist. My interests lie at the intersection of physiological phenomena and mathematics. My skill-set comprise statistical signal processing, adaptive filters (Kalman, Bayesian, particle), point process modeling, machine learning/AI, clinical studies, technical writing for publication and other purposes, systems test for regulatory submission. 

Currently I am a Research Engineer at Abbott Laboratories, where I am a member of the Applied Research and Technology group. Abbott is one of the biggest medical device organizations in the world, and my role focuses on developing algorithms to guide physicians in identifying drivers of atrial fibrillation as well as designing methodology for readying new medical devices for regulatory submmission, and other core aspects of cardiac arrhythmia. 

My Ph.D. research in the Biomedical and Neuroscience (BENS) group involved developing point process models to encode and decode signals generated by mechanoreceptors. The goal was to discover strategies for designing sensory-controlled biomedical devices and robotic manipulators. I am interested all aspects signal processing and mathematical modeling especially when applied to physiological phenomena—leading to clinical solutions.

I have developed useful algorithms and other practical solutions and made these tools accessible to physicians and others by developing easy to use software packages, GUI’s and documentation. 

Other interests besides work include: Formula 1, Football, Traveling, Architecture and 3-D modeling of buildings using Blender software,  Salsa dancing, playing Guitar (learning).  
